Stop scrolling. I need you to look at
your screen right now.
Look very closely at the cinematic video
playing in front of your eyes. Pay
attention to the dynamic lighting. Look
at the incredibly fluid motion. Notice
the hyper realistic details in the
textures and the background. Every
single frame of this footage looks like
it was rendered on a $10,000 workstation
by a professional visual effects artist.
Now, what if I told you that I generated
this entire cinematic sequence on an
absolute potato PC? No expensive cloud
subscriptions, absolutely zero credits
used, and completely entirely free. What
I'm about to reveal in this video is
something the mainstream AI industry
absolutely does not want you to know.
And by the very end of this video, I am
going to drop a hidden loophole that
will change everything you thought you
knew about artificial intelligence and
video generation. Do not even think
about clicking away. Welcome back to E
Smile AI. If you are new here, this
channel is your absolute unfair
advantage in the rapidly changing world
of artificial intelligence. We break
down the most powerful tools. [music]
We expose the sneakiest workarounds and
we reveal the hidden methods that will
save you hundreds of dollars every
single month. And today might genuinely
be the most important and valuable video
I have ever made for this channel. Right
now, in this very exact moment, creators
all across the United States and around
the entire world are being completely
scammed by the AI video industry. I am
not exaggerating this. Every single
major AI video tool out there is
designed around one specific thing, and
that one thing is draining your wallet
as fast as possible. They lure you in
with these incredibly flashy demos on
social media. They show you breathtaking
cinematic clips. And then the second you
try to use it, they hit you with a
massive monthly subscription fee, $30 a
month, $50 a month. Some of the
enterprise ones even charge you $100 a
month just for basic access. And here's
the part that makes it even worse. You
pay that hard-earned money. You log in,
you click generate, maybe three or four
times, and suddenly a giant red pop-up
fills your entire screen, telling you
that you are completely out of credit.
You just spent $30 to generate four
short clips that you might not even use.
That is not a tool meant to help you
create. That is a trap. It is a
completely rigged financial system. And
millions of well-meaning creators fall
for it every single day. But today,
right here, right now, I am going to
blow that entire rigged system wide
open. I am going to expose the ultimate
loophole that changes the content
creation game forever. And before I go
any further into this tutorial, I need
to ask you a very quick favor. If you
find value in what I'm about to show
you, and trust me, you absolutely will.
Take one single second and hit that like
button right now. That single click
tells the algorithm to push this video
out to thousands of other creators who
are tired of getting ripped off by
overpriced AI tools and desperately need
a free alternative. And if you are not
subscribed yet, hit that subscribe
button and turn on the notification bell
right now. I am constantly dropping
highly technical videos exactly like
this that save you real money and give
you real creative power. You do not want
to miss what is coming next on this
channel. Now, let's get right into the
massive breakthrough. Today, we are
unlocking a brand new, immensely
powerful, entirely open-source video AI
called LTX Video. Let me be clear, this
is not some sketchy beta tool with a
massive ugly watermark slapped across
every single frame. This is a full-blown
production-grade AI video generation
engine built by top tier engineers. And
it is completely open- source. That
means no greedy corporation controls it.
No company can take it away from you. No
one can suddenly decide to raise the
monthly price or cut off your access
because you generated too many clips. It
belongs entirely to the open-source
community. It belongs to you. Now, here
is where it gets incredibly exciting for
creators like us. Unlike every greedy
cloud-based tool on the internet that
forces you to use their expensive
servers and pay their ridiculous fees,
LTX Video runs locally. Let me say that
again because I really need you to
understand how massive this paradigm
shift is. It runs directly on your own
computer hardware. You do not need to
visit a specific website. You do not
need to create an account or verify your
identity. You do not need to hand over
your personal email address or type in
your credit card information. And most
importantly, the ultimate feature, you
get infinite generations. Truly
unlimited. You can sit there and
generate highquality videos all day
long, all night long, 7 days a week, 365
days a year for exactly 0. The playing
field between Massive Studios and
independent creators has just been
completely leveled. Now, I'm going to
walk you through the exact stepbystep
one-click method to install this
absolute beast of a tool on your
computer right now. And I need you to
listen to me very carefully right here.
If you're sitting there right now
thinking that your laptop or your
desktop is way too weak, way too old, or
way too slow to handle heavy AI video
generation, do not panic. Do not close
this video. I need you to keep watching
all the way to the end of this video
because later I'm going to expose a
completely legal hidden Google Collab
loophole that will let you run this
exact same powerhouse AI on a
10-year-old low-end budget potato PC
without using a single drop of your own
computer's processing power. We are
going to completely bypass your hardware
limitations entirely. That specific
section alone is worth the entire video,
so make sure you stick around for the
grand reveal. Let us start with the
ultraast installation method first. This
method is specifically for those of you
who actually have a decent graphics card
sitting in your system. And I want to be
very clear about something before we
begin. We are not doing any complicated
coding today. There's absolutely no
command line typing. There's no terminal
to open. There are no confusing Python
scripts to run. Instead, we are using a
brilliant piece of software called
Pinocchio. Pinocchio is essentially a
magic browser designed exclusively for
artificial intelligence. Think of it
exactly like an app store on your phone,
but instead of regular boring apps, it's
filled to the brim with the most
powerful open-source AI tools on the
planet. And all of them are 100% free to
download. Here's exactly what you need
to do. Go to the official Pinocchio
website. I will have the direct safe
link sitting in the description below so
you don't click on anything malicious.
Download the installer for your specific
operating system. The beautiful thing is
that it works perfectly on Windows. It
works flawlessly on Mac and it even
works on Linux. Run the installer and
let it do its thing. It takes just a
couple of short minutes to prepare the
engine. Once Pinocchio finally opens up
on your screen, you're going to feel
like you just stepped into an entirely
new dimension of technology. It looks
and feels like a sleek, highly modern
app store, but everything inside it is
raw, free AI power. Now, head over to
the search bar located at the very top
of the window and type in the words LTX
video. You'll instantly see a dedicated
installer package appear right there in
the search results. Click on it, click
the install button, and that's literally
it. That's the entire complicated
installation process reduced to a single
click. Pinocchio will automatically take
over and pull all of the massive AI
models, all of the complex dependencies,
all of the back-end engine components,
and it will install everything directly
and securely into your system. You do
not have to configure any paths. You do
not have to troubleshoot any weird
errors. It just works seamlessly. Once
the automated installation is fully
complete, you'll see a bright launch
button appear on the screen. Click it.
And right now, right in front of your
very eyes, you are looking at your very
own private localized AI video studio.
Look around the interface. There are no
credit counters ticking down in the top
corner. There are no payw walls blocking
your access to premium features. There
are no annoying ads interrupting your
creative workflow. Just a clean, highly
powerful interface sitting there waiting
for your specific creative vision. Let
us test the raw, unfiltered power of
this engine. Right now, I am typing in a
highly detailed prompt to push the
limits of the AI. I want a futuristic
sports car drifting aggressively through
a rain soaked cyberpunk city at night
with bright pink and blue neon
reflections bouncing off the wet asphalt
and dramatic high contrast cinematic
lighting. I hit the generate button.
Now, because this is running entirely
locally on your physical machine, the
generation speed depends entirely on the
strength of your graphics card. If you
have a solid modern GPU, this process
will take just a few short minutes. The
AI engine processes every single word of
your prompt, builds the complex scene
from scratch, calculates the realistic
lighting, the physics of the water, the
motion blur, and delivers a stunning,
fluid, incredibly detailed video clip
right to your hard drive. And here is
the absolute best part about owning your
own software. If you do not like the
result, or if the AI misunderstood a
tiny detail, you just tweak the prompt
text and hit generate again. You can do
this 10 times, a 100 times, a thousand
times in a single day. And the software
will never ever ask you for a credit
card. It will never flash a giant popup
telling you that you're out of credits
and need to upgrade. It will never lock
you out of your own workspace. This is
what true unlimited creative freedom
feels like. And it does not cost you a
single scent. Now, I know exactly what a
massive portion of you are thinking
right now. You are watching this and
thinking, "Essel, that sounds absolutely
incredible, but my computer is just not
powerful enough to do that. I do not
have a massive gaming graphics card. I
am running a basic budget laptop that I
bought 5 years ago for school. I
completely hear you. And this is exactly
the part of the video I told you about
earlier. This is the ultimate loophole I
promised you and it is about to change
everything about how you create content
online. We are going to completely
bypass your hardware. We are going to
ignore your computer's limitations
entirely and we are going to use
Google's own massive enterprisegrade
server farms to do all of the heavy
lifting for you. And yes, this is
completely free and completely legal to
do. Now, a lot of self-proclaimed AI
experts will tell you to use hugging
face spaces for running AI models in the
cloud. Do not do that. I am warning you
right now. If you go to HuggingFace
today and try to run LTX video, you are
going to be stuck in a massive global
waiting queue for hours. Sometimes the
queue is so insanely long that you'll be
waiting longer than it would take to
just drive to a store and buy a new
computer. It is incredibly frustrating
and it is not worth a single second of
your time. Instead, we are using a
highly specific hidden Google Collab
notebook that almost nobody in the
mainstream community talks about. This
is the real secret weapon for budget
creators. Here is exactly what you need
to do. Open the specific Google Collab
link that I have provided in the
description of this video. Make sure you
use the exact link I provided because
not all notebooks are set up correctly
and some are broken. This specific
notebook has been carefully configured
to connect you directly to a free,
immensely powerful cloud GPU provided
directly by Google. Once you have the
notebook open in your browser, do not
get intimidated by the layout. Go
straight to the top menu bar. Click on
the word runtime. Then click the option
that says run all. That's it. Just two
simple clicks. Now you're going to see a
massive block of technical Python code
scrolling rapidly by on your screen.
Ignore it completely. Do not touch it.
Do not try to read it or understand what
it says. The automated system is working
hard in the background. It is securely
downloading the entire massive LTX video
model directly onto Google's
multi-million dollar servers. Your
personal computer is not doing any of
the processing. Your CPU is completely
relaxed. Your RAM is chilling. Your
cooling fans are completely quiet.
Everything heavy is happening far away
in the cloud. After a few short minutes,
the notebook will finish loading all the
required assets. When it does, look at
the very bottom of the page. You will
see a freshly generated public URL
appear in the output box. It will look
like a standard web link. Click that
link and just like absolute magic, you
are instantly transported to a clean,
beautiful, highly responsive web
interface. This exact interface is
powered by a massive cloud GPU sitting
in one of Google's secure data centers
somewhere, and your little potato PC is
doing absolutely none of the heavy
lifting. All your computer is doing is
displaying a website. You can now type
in any complex prompt you want, adjust
your specific resolution settings, set
your preferred video length and frame
rate, and hit generate. Within minutes,
you are generating ultra highquality
cinematic AI videos completely for free
without spending a single dollar on a
high-end computer, without paying for an
overpriced monthly subscription, and
without ever running out of those
annoying credits. The system has been
fully unlocked for you. The financial
barriers have been completely shattered.
Now, I really want you to take a second
and think about what this means for you.
Whether you are an aspiring content
creator building a faceless channel, a
hard-working freelancer, a small
business owner trying to run ads, a
student working on a creative project,
or just someone who genuinely loves
experimenting with cuttingedge
technology, you now have direct access
to the exact same caliber of AI video
generation that major Hollywood studios
and marketing agencies are paying
thousands of dollars for, and you are
getting it for absolutely free. This is
the true future of content creation and
it is available to you right now, today,
in this exact moment. There are no more
excuses. There are no more hardware
barriers. There are no more subscription
traps holding you back from making
incredible videos. If this deep dive
video helped you level up your skills,
do me one last favor. Share this video
with just one person you know who is
still wasting their money on overpriced
AI tools. Let us spread this insider
knowledge and completely level the
playing field for everyone. Drop a
comment below right now telling me
exactly what kind of cinematic videos
you are going to create with this
powerful tool. I read every single
comment on these videos and I genuinely
love seeing what amazing projects you
all build. Thank you so much for
watching all the way to the very end.
Keep creating. Keep unlocking the
future.